Restructure IoT documentation (#3447)
EnMasseProject/enmasse: documentation/assemblies/assembly-iot-getting-started.adoc

// This assembly is included in the following assemblies:
//

> // assembly-iot-guide.adoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// assembly-getting-started.adoc
```

:context: {context}-iot

[id='iot-getting-started-{context}]
== Getting started

> The IoT guide provides resources on how to set up and manage {ProductName} IoT features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following information describes how to set up and manage {ProductName} IoT features.
```

> 

Reviewer: Suggest moving the IoT concept module here (include::../modules/con-iot-concepts.adoc[leveloffset=+1])
